when I get to the end of my career had
an automobile accident and it ended my
career and I looked at the mirror nurses
I lost my identity I didn't know who I
was I wasn't at that person who can walk
into the ring and control the crowd or
show my experience of wrestling so I
didn't know what to do so eventually I
decided to become a Ozzy puller I went
into a depression stage for about two
and a half years after that automobile
wreck and it twisted my spine I didn't
do anything for a mother year and a half
and finally one day says I got some
weights you want to push a little
weights and that's all it took because
when you push weight and you do
resistance there's a chemical in your
brain called beta endorphin and that
beta endorphin comes down and it heals
whatever you have just worked on and it
makes you continue on we call it
adrenaline but it's really beta
endorphin and you can get it right here
this is nothing but a drug palace to me
really I just booked pushing the aisle
over there not not I feel it you know I
want to go out there Monday take a photo
of a car anyway I got started in the
wrestling business when I was five years
of age six years of age when I was in
Europe
my dad was wrestling over there and I
was sitting in the dressing room and I
heard this big loud noise boom and I
realized then I opened my eyes I could
remember to this day seeing these
wrestlers walking around in this
dressing with shorts on big cauliflower
years since the smell of smoke cigars my
dad was wrestling around New York I was
wrestling in the YMCA's at the time my
dad was always working this out and I
can remember even seven or eight years
of age when my dad had always had a
gymnasium you know on the front porch or
in the basement or something when I
would come downstairs he said did he
grab that broom sweep the gym and I'll
let you do some exercise well I kept a
gent clean this gym was playing it was
bred into me after my dad retired from
wrestling he invested his money into the
wrestling promotion in New York which
ran shows in Philadelphia in
Pennsylvania New Jersey Madison Square
Garden 1950 and 51 or 52 when I turned
I wanted to be a pro and they wouldn't
give me a license in New York so I had
to go down to Baltimore Maryland what
happened was I was in the ring with this
fellow wrestling and he I threw him into
the ropes when he came off the ropes is
my first match right and I leapfrog over
him and when I leave follow him somebody
threw a shoe in the ring they do it at
my opponent but they must got it but
over like a rainbow yeah like this and
the match was over I came back in the
dressing I'm sitting down there's a
medicine table in front of me in the
doorway here and nobody else in this
blessing him and for legionnaire's hold
this dead body into this dressing and
put him on the motion table he died with
my match well you know just looked and
I've seen yeah that before early within
my dad's a date and I looked right and I
made the mistake it went down his Bobby
in him once you want
he's together through the chute and I
says look it through one shoe he's got
one shoe that's the guy that threw the
shoe in the ring and the veterans from
around the corner says you killed him
Vergara well Scott I got the strength of
my father with the emotions of my mother
man I got that bag out of the get on the
train and went back to New York
pride told my mother s is a little bit I
didn't tell her what happened
so I told my dad I said I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna have it I was a fast but
milk pitcher and so forth and I had a
job of a zipper factory in Queens
pushing a broom
I just want me to play on the team they
did that back in this right so my dad
says you have to go back I said why is
it because you went in the ring of about
20 minutes or 15 minutes to 9:00 in the
television went on at nine o'clock and
was live and unfortunately those
denounces praised you Oh a great job
Dickstein born did the son of my he'll
be back here next way you don't
disappoint the people after you tell
them over the air and I realized that so
I just have got my booking so once it
maybe two or three weeks later that my
dad was involved with a handling the
contract of former world boxing champion
Primo Carnera and he wanted to go back
to Europe as a wrestling age
wrestling tour my dad said let's go to
work with all of this